Added documentation for feature/escaping-unicode-control-chars (#771)
arangodb/docs: 3.9/release-notes-new-features39.md

Also see [Database Naming Conventions](data-modeling-naming-conventions-database-names.html).

### Logging

> The server now has two flags for retaining or escaping control and unicode 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server now has two flags for retaining or escaping control and Unicode 
```

> characters in the log. The flag `log.escape` is deprecated and, instead, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
characters in the log. The flag `--log.escape` is now deprecated and, instead, 
```

the new flags `--log.escape-control-chars` and `log.escape-unicode-chars` 
should be used. 

> - `--log.escape-control-chars`: this flag applies to the control characters, which have hex code below `\x20`, and also the character DEL, with hex code of `\x7f`. When its value is set to false, the control 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--log.escape-control-chars`: this flag applies to control characters, which have hex codes below `\x20`, 
  and also the character DEL, with a hex code of `\x7f`. When the flag value is set to `false`, the control 
```

  and also the character DEL, with a hex code of `\x7f`. When the flag value is set to `false`, control 

> characters that have a visual representation will be retained and logged as-is.
> Controls characters without a visual representation will be replaced by a space
> character in the log. The same will happen to the `DEL` character (code `\x7f`), 
> For example, the control characer `\n` is visible, so a `\n` will be displayed in 
> the log, and the control character `BEL` is not visible, so a space will be displayed.
> When the flag value is set to `true`, the hex code for the character is logged. For 
> example, the `BEL` character will be displayed as its hex code, `\x07`.
> The default value for this flag is `true` for compatibility with 
> previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  characters that have a visual representation will be retained and logged as-is.
  Controls characters without a visual representation will be replaced by a space
  character in the log. The same will happen to the `DEL` character (code `\x7f`), 
  For example, the control characer `\n` is visible, so a `\n` will be displayed in 
  the log, and the control character `BEL` is not visible, so a space will be displayed.
  When the flag value is set to `true`, the hex code for the character is logged. For 
  example, the `BEL` character will be displayed as its hex code, `\x07`.
  The default value for this flag is `true` for compatibility with 
  previous versions.
```

> character will be retained, and its actual value will be displayed when it 
> is a visible character, or a space ` ` character will be displayed if it is 
> not a visible character. The same will happen to `DEL` character (code `\xF7`), 
> even though it is not a control character, because it is not visible. For example, 
> control characer `\n` is visible, so a `\n` will be displayed in the log, and 
> control character `BEL` is not visible, so a space ` ` would be displayed.
> When its value is set to true, the hex code for the character is displayed, for 
> example, `BEL` character would be displayed as its hex code, `\x07`.
> 	The default value for this flag is `true` for compatibility with 
> previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
characters that have a visual representation will be retained and logged as-is.
Controls characters without a visual representation will be replaced by a space
character in the log. The same will happen to the `DEL` character (code `\x7f`), 
For example, the control characer `\n` is visible, so a `\n` will be displayed in 
the log, and the control character `BEL` is not visible, so a space will be displayed.
When the flag value is set to `true`, the hex code for the character is logged. For 
example, the `BEL` character will be displayed as its hex code, `\x07`.
The default value for this flag is `true` for compatibility with 
previous versions.
```

- `--log.escape-unicode-chars`: when its value is set to `false`, Unicode characters

> will be retained, and written to the log as-is. For example, `犬` will 
> be logged as `犬`. When the flag value is set to `true`, any Unicode characters are 
> escaped, and the hex codes for all Unicode characters are logged instead. 
> For example, `犬` would be logged as its hex code, `\u72AC`. 
> The default value for this flag is set to `false` for compatibility with 
> previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  will be retained, and written to the log as-is. For example, `犬` will 
  be logged as `犬`. When the flag value is set to `true`, any Unicode characters are 
  escaped, and the hex codes for all Unicode characters are logged instead. 
  For example, `犬` would be logged as its hex code, `\u72AC`. 
  The default value for this flag is set to `false` for compatibility with 
  previous versions.
```

> - `--log.escape-unicode-chars`: when its value is set to false, the unicode character
> will be retained, and its actual value will be displayed. For example, `犬` will 
> be displayed as `犬`. When its value is set to true, the character is escaped, and 
> the hex code for the character is displayed. For example, `犬` would be displayed 
> as its hex code, `\u72AC`. 
> 	The default value for this flag is set to `false` for compatibility with 
> previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--log.escape-unicode-chars`: when its value is set to `false`, Unicode characters
will be retained, and written to the log as-is. For example, `犬` will 
be logged as `犬`. When the flag value is set to `true`, any Unicode characters are 
escaped, and the hex codes for all Unicode characters are logged instead. 
For example, `犬` would be logged as its hex code, `\u72AC`. 
The default value for this flag is set to `false` for compatibility with 
previous versions.
```
